added short documentation (#29)
yiisoft/translator: README.md

    <a href="https://github.com/yiisoft" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://github.com/yiisoft.png" height="100px">
    </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Message Translator</h1>

> This package allow to translate messages into seveal languages. It can work with both Yii-based applications and standalone PHP applications.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package allow to translate messages into seveal languages. It can work with both Yii-based applications and standalone PHP applications.
```

```bash
composer require yiisoft/translator
```

## Additional packages

There are two types of additional packages. Message source provide support of various message storage formats such as PHP arrays or GNU gettext. Message formatters provide extra syntax that is recognized in translated messages.

### Message sources
* [translator-message-php](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-message-php) - PHP file message storage.
* [translator-message-db](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-message-db) - Database message storage.
* [translator-message-gettext](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-message-gettext) - gettext message storage.

### Message formatters
* [translator-formatter-intl](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-formatter-intl) - Intl (i18n) formatter
* [translator-formatter-simple](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-formatter-simple) - Simple formatter to use if you do not need additional syntax such as in case with gettext message source.

## Configuration

### Quick start
```php
/** @var \Psr\EventDispatcher\EventDispatcherInterface $eventDispatcher */

$defaultCategoryName = 'app';
$locale = 'ru';
$fallbackLocale = 'en';

> $pathToTranslations = './messages/';
> // MessageSource based on PHP files
> $messageSource = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Message\Php\MessageSource($pathToTranslations);
> // Intl message formatter
> $formatter = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Formatter\Intl\IntlMessageFormatter(); 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$pathToTranslations = './messages/';

// MessageSource based on PHP files
$messageSource = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Message\Php\MessageSource($pathToTranslations);

// Intl message formatter
$formatter = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Formatter\Intl\IntlMessageFormatter(); 
```

$category = new Yiisoft\Translator\Category(
    $defaultCategoryName, 
    $messageSource,
    $formatter
);

$translator = new Yiisoft\Translator\Translator(
    $category,
    $locale,
    $eventDispatcher,
    $fallbackLocale
);
```

### Multiple translation sources
```php
$categoryName = 'module';
$pathToModuleTranslations = './module/messages/';
$moduleMessageSource = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Message\Php\MessageSource($pathToModuleTranslations);

// Simple message formatter
$formatter = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Formatter\Simple\SimpleMessageFormatter();

$additionalCategory = new Yiisoft\Translator\Category(
    $categoryName, 
    $moduleMessageSource,
    $formatter
);
$translator->addCategorySource($additionalCategory);
```

## General usage

> ### Translation with usage of default language and default category of messages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Using default language and default category
```

```php
// single translation
$messageIdentificator = 'submit';
echo $translator->translate($messageIdentificator);
// output: `Submit message`

// translation with plural
$messageIdentificator = 'multiHumans';
echo $translator->translate($messageIdentificator, ['n' => 3]);
// output: `3 humans`
```

> ### Translation with specify category and language

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Specifying category and language
```

```php
$messageIdentificator = 'submit';
echo $translator->translate($messageIdentificator, [], 'moduleId', 'ru');
// output: `Отправить сообщение`
```

> ### Get current locale from translator
> ```php
> $currentLocale = $translator->getLocale();
> ```
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ### Change default locale in translator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Change default locale
```

```php
$newDefaultLocale = 'de-DE';
$translator->setLocale($newDefaultLocale);
```

> ##Additional info
> In package contains interfaces for development custom translate packages (formatters, readers, writers)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Additional info
The package contains interfaces for development of custom formatters, readers, and writers.
```

[![static analysis](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator/workflows/static%20analysis/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator/actions?query=workflow%3A%22static+analysis%22)
[![type-coverage](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/translator/coverage.svg)](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/translator)

## Installation

The preferred way to install this package is through [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/):
```bash
composer require yiisoft/translator
```

## Additional packages

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Configuration

### Quick start
```php
/** @var \Psr\EventDispatcher\EventDispatcherInterface $eventDispatcher */

$defaultCategoryName = 'app';
$locale = 'ru';
$fallbackLocale = 'en';

$pathToTranslations = './messages/';
// MessageSource based on PHP files
$messageSource = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Message\Php\MessageSource($pathToTranslations);
// Intl message formatter
$formatter = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Formatter\Intl\IntlMessageFormatter(); 

$category = new Yiisoft\Translator\Category(
    $defaultCategoryName, 
    $messageSource,
    $formatter
);

$translator = new Yiisoft\Translator\Translator(
    $category,
    $locale,
    $eventDispatcher,
    $fallbackLocale
);
```

### Multiple translation sources
```php
$categoryName = 'module';
$pathToModuleTranslations = './module/messages/';
$moduleMessageSource = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Message\Php\MessageSource($pathToModuleTranslations);

// Simple message formatter
$formatter = new \Yiisoft\Translator\Formatter\Simple\SimpleMessageFormatter();

$additionalCategory = new Yiisoft\Translator\Category(
    $categoryName, 
    $moduleMessageSource,
    $formatter
);
$translator->addCategorySource($additionalCategory);
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## General usage

> ###Translation with usage of default language and default category of messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Translation with usage of default language and default category of messages
```

```php
// single translation
$messageIdentificator = 'submit';
echo $translator->translate($messageIdentificator);
// output: `Submit message`

// translation with plural
$messageIdentificator = 'multiHumans';
echo $translator->translate($messageIdentificator, ['n' => 3]);
// output: `3 humans`
```

> ###Translation with specify category and language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Translation with specify category and language
```

```php
$messageIdentificator = 'submit';
echo $translator->translate($messageIdentificator, [], 'moduleId', 'ru');
// output: `Отправить сообщение`
```

> ###Get current locale from translator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get current locale from translator
```

```php
$currentLocale = $translator->getLocale();
```

> ###Change default locale in translator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### hange default locale in translator
```
